What is the first thing to image that is said to be a poisoned room with a lock?
Is it like such a cyanide potassium arsenic aconite
This time the murder was done using an unusual poison that would not normally be considered
This room is just one animal worth a child of the cloud doors and windows, which were of course closed all any gap
If I 'm not, where is the one offender gone?
From the people various experiences and information for I do not know will hint say one person
It means that it is easy to judge things by belief
Well certainly you will not be able to find a never answer as long as you do not throw away the belief
It is awkward to say
I guess I'm thinking I'm drinking it I'm thinking that I'm going to make it so that I'm home John
I'm also before but I was in full rotation when I was hitting Aging
The Tteyuu last pen I think that I think everyone where you say 100%
But there seems to be no 100% 99 light bulbs 995 only 100 seems not
Oh
It's going to be a full turn, I guess I'm guessing if I hit it already I'll drop it
It's off because it's coming over and waved
What I you had me also seen uncle of the next I was by What the hell is reading Te
I said Lee, who is totally open
Low mountain is 99.99% and there is not 100% ah ah
That's right
I'm totally convinced that I think it 's difficult to change the school
ま す
I'm thinking = I can not believe that there is no room for doubt because it's a change of mind
I it is that can not be by yourself
In the end, this case perpetrator is Mika to Miho Shiraishi
Pull out the contents from the outside Shi kill a cloud called Cameron
I say that the skin was covered with black poisoned shibogumo
Kuwashima do not know anything bitten because you've taken in hand I think that it is another poisonous spider Cameron death
The
Mikawa
The p set to confirm the death of Kuwashima tried to recover the other poison spider and stand in the water tank
But for that reason I could not find a cloud
I was panic and I think that another poison spider when it was bitten to be face to seat
Meka came close to Tsujimoto to bring the poisonous spider with the skin of melon
Nomoto is a cloud of f
There was a corpse of another poison spider in there and buy that show water tank of crickets to have as
I went into the water tank in search of Shimoyama , but it turned into food for cricket, which was in reverse
Mikawa who was pushed down finally admitted the crime
A lot of clouds l Did you watch while eating ramen in the middle of the night ?
Tsuke put the whether Cameron's on I will not to be touch this I the 9 other anymore poison spider
Probably a Akanwake
It was dry after surprised Mr. trying to do frank in its Kumoore
To get rid of the refrigerator or frozen to get rid of the other to hibernate a little
Such strategy also Toka Anja Is not it was saying things like
Well there are a lot of difficult stories out there, but he 's going on the way of the mother ship
Oh, it was stuck
Well, I was quite active in this incident
Toda Erika Ka- like out ten cockroaches day is a daddy let me know that he has disconnected
It came out Nde like a Is not it Bishitsu and shell officers there were many rooms until now in the role
I wonder if anyone will do it for a moment
I also wore glasses and it was a really bad atmosphere.
It will change if you do not notice that Pad 1 substitute is
But it behind closed doors is not also shrewd intercept the usual Enomoto decided dialogue Tteyuu torn beneath
More year of Hey was a pretty cute per Tteyuu I also
Then I wondered if it was a little bit better
I'd feel like that became good friends something it and Junko paid to'm delicious Sahhe
Medium'll not we come a little way Mebae'
Hey
In the way, capture or self-confidence is certainly in an interview of this official site with respect to Yakudotoro
Puzzle mystery + little comedy like a style was not in month 9 of until now
It may be a taste
But since I do not have the concept of something like " Month 9" in me, such changes are purely
ball
I feel that it is worthwhile to participate in such works
At first it was a feeling like high to hear the contents of the general framework and Mr. Satoshi Ono co-starring
From
I feel that I will definitely study for myself
I wanted to participate by all means, but it is the first time I have been troubled with drugs so far
This medicine of Junko
I 'm lost and played with trial and error
Director producer might be because I had a little shift to Junko image also
I think that my thinking is too big, for example in the play of a little higher tension
A gap has just been created in the tension that three people imagine
But Ms. Enomoto Ms. Serizawa and the first three children
Properly be present as already each character is two of you when you shooting extraordinary
I have given you
Mind I wonder if've seen people say that quasi-v also in me by was able to shoot the scene
Is doing
Anyway Junko seems to be a lawyer and indeed a really good lawyer
As a lawyer, I'm always getting over the scene without a request or a court scene
It is an impression to say
I've been studying for a long time, so I have many friends
Because there is also a hard part , I sit on the chair
It would be nice for me to be a character that is pretty but serious and strange
I think
Well I said Toda Erika
If it's kind of bothersome, it's a part of the character called tight character
Until now it was quite a lot and it was addicted to it, but surely this kind of loose office
I can not say
That's right Nema now guess the movie spec heaven wide have been published in the theater Saaya Toma
This image is
I had a hard time in this blue and role making that say 10, including the still strong only in the differentiation
I think I
It's probably a room with a lock on it
Value ordering physician that I would like to be firmly Mitodoke future